Machine Learning Engineer
San Jose
Full time
Posted Today
job requisition id
R153546


Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen. 

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!


 

The Opportunity
Adobe is looking for a Machine Learning Engineer to understand and optimize the experience of Adobe’s Digital Experience customers. By partnering with Adobe Research and other business units, you will build products that transform how companies approach audience creation, journey optimization, and personalization at scale. Join a diverse, collaborative, and lively group of engineers and scientists well-established in the ML space. The work here is dynamic, fast-paced, creative, and data-driven.

What you'll Do
Develop innovative models in collaboration with Adobe Research.
Design, develop, and deploy applications powered by predictive and generative models, with a focus on building autonomous agents and using agentic frameworks for adaptive decision-making.
Implement ML-Ops best practices to ensure scalable, reliable, and efficient machine learning workflows.
Engage in the product lifecycle, including architecture, design, deployment, and production operations.
Understand data to make recommendations for the right predictive models, quality metrics, and governance approaches.
What you need to succeed
The ideal candidate will have the following background:

Bachelors in Computer Science, Data Science or Statistics with 2+ years of applied AI/ML experience, including developing, evaluating ML models, and deploying models into production or MS in Computer Science, Data Science, or a related field.
Deep understanding of statistical modeling, machine learning, or analytics concepts, with a proven track record of solving problems using these methods.
Experience in building large-scale data pipelines.
Ability to quickly learn new skills and work in a fast-paced team.
Proficiency in one or more programming languages such as Python, Scala, Java, or SQL.
Proficiency in ML frameworks such as scikit-learn, SparkML, TensorFlow, or PyTorch.
Experience working with both research and product teams.
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills.
Excellent communication and relationship-building skills.
Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several  U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $102,400 -- $196,300 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.
At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans.  Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).

In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award.

Adobe will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances.
Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.
 

Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call (408) 536-3015.

Adobe values a free and open marketplace for all employees and has policies in place to ensure that we do not enter into illegal agreements with other companies to not recruit or hire each other’s employees.