Machine Learning Research Intern, Frontier Reasoning Intern (Summer 2025)
San Francisco, CA

Join the Frontier Data Research team to discover new forms of supervision at the bleeding edge of advanced reasoning models. On the team, you will study novel data formats, supervision methods, and post-training algorithms to improve the reasoning capabilities of large language models. Candidates with backgrounds and interest in developing models to do expert level math, software engineering, biology, physics, and chemistry are particularly encouraged to apply. 

Example Projects:

Research and develop new methods for training models to excel on extremely difficult reasoning problems that require long chains of thought
Research scalable oversight protocols that enable humans to produce and quality control reasoning chains beyond their native capabilities
Investigate strategies to refine and enhance data pipelines for model improvement
Study the boundaries of reasoning model generalization to inform data-driven advancements
Develop new benchmarks or evaluation methods for gauging advanced reasoning capabilities via outcome or process supervision
Required to have:

Currently enrolled in a BS/MS/PhD Program with a focus on Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, or Computer Vision with a graduation date in Fall 2025 or Spring 2026
Prior work experience or track record of research publications on LLMs, reasoning, NLP, agents, alignment or a related field
Experience training neural networks in Python
Ability to speak and write in English fluently
Be available for a Summer 2025 (May/June starts) internship 
Ideally you’d have:

Have had a previous internship involving LLMs, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Natural Language Processing, Alignment, or Agents.
Experience as a researcher, including internships, full-time, or at a lab
Publications in top-tier ML conferences such as NeurIPS, ICLR, CVPR, ICML, COLM, etc. or contributions to open-source projects
Screaming good coding capabilities as evidenced by open source projects
PLEASE NOTE: Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.

About Us:

At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how organizations build and deploy AI.  Our products power the world's most advanced LLMs, generative models, and computer vision models. We are trusted by generative AI companies such as OpenAI, Meta, and Microsoft, government agencies like the U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force, and enterprises including GM and Accenture. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.

We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 

We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's Know Your Rights poster for additional information.

We comply with the United States Department of Labor's Pay Transparency provision. 

PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our privacy policy for additional information.