Data Engineering Co-Op
State College, Pennsylvania, United States
Consulting
Internship

Introduction
A career in IBM Consulting is rooted in long-term relationships and close collaboration with clients across the globe.

 

You'll work with visionaries across multiple industries to improve the hybrid cloud and AI journey for the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Your ability to accelerate impact and make meaningful change for your clients is enabled by our strategic partner ecosystem and our robust technology platforms across the IBM portfolio, including Software and Red Hat.

 

Curiosity and a constant quest for knowledge serve as the foundation to success in IBM Consulting. You will be encouraged to challenge the norm, investigate ideas outside of your role, and come up with creative solutions resulting in groundbreaking impact for a wide network of clients. Our culture of evolution and empathy centers on long-term career growth and development opportunities in an environment that embraces your unique skills and experience.

Your role and responsibilities
During your co-op experience, you can enhance your knowledge and gain professional experience by working on client projects. This role provides an exceptional opportunity to build a compelling portfolio, acquire new skills, gain insights into diverse industries, and embrace novel challenges for your future career.

 

At IBM, we prioritize continuous learning, skill development, and personal growth within a culture of coaching and mentorship. As a co-op, you'll experience this culture and have the opportunity to advance to our associate program based on results and performance.

Work experiences you could be exposed to: 

Mentored Analytical Support: Receive mentorship from diverse professionals in science engineering and consulting applying analytical rigor and statistical methods to predict behaviors.
Data Integrations: Develop skills in writing efficient and reusable programs to cleanse integrate and model data. Evaluate model results contributing to data-driven insights.
Effective Communication: Assist in conveying analytical results to both technical and non-technical audiences, refining your ability to communicate complex findings.
Tech-Driven Data Transformer: Utilize program languages like Python to build data pipelines, extracting and transforming data from repositories to consumers. Gain exposure to cloud platforms, ETL tools, and data integration, expanding your tech toolkit.
Required education
High School Diploma/GED
Preferred education
High School Diploma/GED
Required technical and professional expertise
Currently pursuing a quantitative degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, IST, or a related field.
Strong Interpersonal skills that enhance collaboration and relationship building, while also managing dynamic workloads in an agile environment.
Have initiative and passion to actively seek new knowledge and improve skills while embracing a growth mindset to assimilate diverse viewpoints.
Demonstrate leadership experience and ability to communicate effectively through active listening; while also be willing to adapt and have a readiness to take ownership of tasks and challenges.
Familiarity with one or more scripting languages (Python preferred), or a proven computer science foundation.
Ability to work in-office, on-site in State College, PA during the academic year.
 

Ability to work up to 20 hours per week when classes are in session (e.g., fall and spring semesters) and availability to potentially work up to 40 hours per week during academic breaks (e.g., summer). 
Must have the ability to obtain and maintain a Federal clearance, if necessary, for your client assignment.  
Preferred technical and professional experience
Demonstrate familiarity or interest in statistical analysis or data mining through previous internships, personal/academic projects, hackathons, and/or publications.
General familiarity with databases, data-engineering tools (SQL, spark) and cloud platforms (e.g., IBM Cloud, Azure, AWS). Experience with NLP/LLM/GenAI is a plus.
Experience using machine-learning/data science libraries in python (scikit-learn, SciPy, pandas, PyTorch) is a plus.
ABOUT BUSINESS UNIT
IBM Consulting is IBM’s consulting and global professional services business, with market leading capabilities in business and technology transformation. With deep expertise in many industries, we offer strategy, experience, technology, and operations services to many of the most innovative and valuable companies in the world. Our people are focused on accelerating our clients’ businesses through the power of collaboration. We believe in the power of technology responsibly used to help people, partners and the planet.
YOUR LIFE @ IBM
In a world where technology never stands still, we understand that, dedication to our clients success, innovation that matters, and trust and personal responsibility in all our relationships, lives in what we do as IBMers as we strive to be the catalyst that makes the world work better.

Being an IBMer means you’ll be able to learn and develop yourself and your career, you’ll be encouraged to be courageous and experiment everyday, all whilst having continuous trust and support in an environment where everyone can thrive whatever their personal or professional background.



Our IBMers are growth minded, always staying curious, open to feedback and learning new information and skills to constantly transform themselves and our company. They are trusted to provide on-going feedback to help other IBMers grow, as well as collaborate with colleagues keeping in mind a team focused approach to include different perspectives to drive exceptional outcomes for our customers. The courage our IBMers have to make critical decisions everyday is essential to IBM becoming the catalyst for progress, always embracing challenges with resources they have to hand, a can-do attitude and always striving for an outcome focused approach within everything that they do.



Are you ready to be an IBMer?

ABOUT IBM
IBM’s greatest invention is the IBMer. We believe that through the application of intelligence, reason and science, we can improve business, society and the human condition, bringing the power of an open hybrid cloud and AI strategy to life for our clients and partners around the world.



Restlessly reinventing since 1911, we are not only one of the largest corporate organizations in the world, we’re also one of the biggest technology and consulting employers, with many of the Fortune 50 companies relying on the IBM Cloud to run their business. 



At IBM, we pride ourselves on being an early adopter of artificial intelligence, quantum computing and blockchain. Now it’s time for you to join us on our journey to being a responsible technology innovator and a force for good in the world.

OTHER RELEVANT JOB DETAILS
IBM will not be providing visa sponsorship for this position now or in the future. Therefore, in order to be considered for this position, you must have the ability to work without a need for current or future visa sponsorship.

The compensation range and benefits for this position are based on a full-time schedule for a full calendar year. The salary will vary depending on your job-related skills, experience and location. Pay increment and frequency of pay will be in accordance with employment classification and applicable laws. For part time roles, your compensation and benefits will be adjusted to reflect your hours. Benefits may be pro-rated for those who start working during the calendar year.