Position Overview
At PNC, our people are our greatest differentiator and competitive advantage in the markets we serve. We are all united in delivering the best experience for our customers. We work together each day to foster an inclusive workplace culture where all of our employees feel respected, valued and have an opportunity to contribute to the company’s success.

As a Software Engineer Associate within PNC’s ACFR organization, you will be based in Pittsburgh, PA or Cleveland, OH.


Monday - Friday 8:00 am - 5:00 pm EST

Rotation Schedule:
Every 3-4 weeks (rotation) starts at 7:00 am - 4:00 pm EST
Every 3-4 weeks (rotation) responsible for off hours work for the 7 day period

You will participate in an on-call rotation where, every 3-4 weeks, you will be tasked to engage in any off-hours / weekend activities that are needed - most of which are of less than 30 minute duration

This position will reside on a team that supports multiple applications, used for PNC's Regulatory Risk Reporting, in the Production environment where the focus is on system reliability and incident management.

*This role will not be doing any development work.*

Instead it will involve troubleshooting what is already in Production and supporting its infrastructure (primarily windows based).

A typical day on the job could include activities such as:

• Triaging incidents
• Attending various meetings
• Documenting procedures
• Working on process improvements
• Drafting change requests
• Engaging with developers to assist with troubleshooting.
Job Description
Assists in the development, testing, and implementation of software solutions.
Assists with designing software solutions.
Writes code, tests and deploys software.
Prepares technical and procedural documentation required for software.
Maintains and debugs software.
PNC Employees take pride in our reputation and to continue building upon that we expect our employees to be:

Customer Focused - Knowledgeable of the values and practices that align customer needs and satisfaction as primary considerations in all business decisions and able to leverage that information in creating customized customer solutions.
Managing Risk - Assessing and effectively managing all of the risks associated with their business objectives and activities to ensure they adhere to and support PNC's Enterprise Risk Management Framework.
Qualifications
Successful candidates must demonstrate appropriate knowledge, skills, and abilities for a role. Listed below are skills, competencies, work experience, education, and required certifications/licensures needed to be successful in this position.

Preferred Skills
Application Development, Business Management, Customer Solutions, Design, Group Problem Solving, Process Improvements, Release Management, Software Solutions, User Experience (UX) Design
Competencies
Application Design, Architecture, Application Development Tools, Application Maintenance, Application Testing, System Development Life Cycle, Technical Writing/Documentation
Work Experience
Roles at this level typically require a university / college degree with < 1 year of professional experience and/or successful completion of a formal development program. In lieu of a degree, a comparable combination of education, job specific certification(s), and experience (including military service) may be considered.
Education
Bachelors
Certifications
No Required Certification(s)
Licenses
No Required License(s)
Benefits
PNC offers a comprehensive range of benefits to help meet your needs now and in the future. Depending on your eligibility, options for full-time employees include: medical/prescription drug coverage (with a Health Savings Account feature), dental and vision options; employee and spouse/child life insurance; short and long-term disability protection; 401(k) with PNC match, pension and stock purchase plans; dependent care reimbursement account; back-up child/elder care; adoption, surrogacy, and doula reimbursement; educational assistance, including select programs fully paid; a robust wellness program with financial incentives.
In addition, PNC generally provides the following paid time off, depending on your eligibility: maternity and/or parental leave; up to 11 paid holidays each year; 8 occasional absence days each year, unless otherwise required by law; between 15 to 25 vacation days each year, depending on career level; and years of service.
To learn more about these and other programs, including benefits for full time and part-time employees, visit Your PNC Total Rewards.

Disability Accommodations Statement
If an accommodation is required to participate in the application process, please contact us via email at AccommodationRequest@pnc.com. Please include “accommodation request” in the subject line title and be sure to include your name, the job ID, and your preferred method of contact in the body of the email. Emails not related to accommodation requests will not receive responses.  Applicants may also call 877-968-7762 and say "Workday" for accommodation assistance. All information provided will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.


At PNC we foster an inclusive and accessible workplace.  We provide reasonable accommodations to employment applicants and qualified individuals with a disability who need an accommodation to perform the essential functions of their positions.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO)

PNC provides equal employment opportunity to qualified persons regardless of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, or other categories protected by law.

California Residents
Refer to the California Consumer Privacy Act Privacy Notice to gain understanding of how PNC may use or disclose your personal information in our hiring practices.