Prompt Engineer - New Grad
San Francisco, CA


Scale’s mission is to accelerate the development of AI and AI-powered applications. With a focus in human labeling and annotation, Scale services are trusted by industry-leading businesses such as OpenAI, Lyft, Meta, GM, Samsung, Airbnb, Microsoft, Meta, and NVIDIA. Scale works at the frontier of AI development, trust, and safety. Our workflows include development of LLM applications for commercial purposes, improvement of training data sets via model capabilities, and discovery of new evaluations to make models more trustworthy and reliable. We’re seeking creative problem solvers, ML researchers, and red team hackers to help us push the frontier of the next generation of AI model capabilities for both performance and safety.

 

You will:

Develop LLM applications to evaluate data quality, solve difficult problems of synthetic data capabilities and execute business solutions
“Jailbreak” and find vulnerabilities in LLMs and other generative AI models. Develop training materials for red teaming and adversarial analysis; conduct training with operation staff
Develop data creation and vulnerability testing scripts  in Python/TypeScript; work with ML Engineers and software engineers for robust implementation and in-platform deployment
Analyze and visualize experimental prompt results
Develop and teach new prompt engineering methods to ML engineers and software engineering staff
You Have:

B.S. or higher in a quantitative major or one related to language models (linguistics, philosophy, etc.)
Proficiency writing Python or TypeScript for API-enabled scripts
Ability to conduct analysis of model performance via statistics and data visualization
Experience using frontier-scale LLMs (GPT, Claude, PaLM) programmatically towards specific applications or implementations
Demonstrated ability to have built an LLM-based application or hacking an LLM to serve some novel purpose
Familiarity with LLM evaluation metrics (BLUE, ROUGE, MAUVE, etc.) and statistics
Strong written and verbal communication skills
A creative mindset to drive experimentation and internal R&D
Nice to haves:

Previous experience with AI/LLM developmental work or red teaming a strong plus
Academic work in language models, particularly on adversarial robustness
Previous disclosures of vulnerabilities or security issues in LLMs or other AI models
Experience working with cloud technology stack (eg. AWS or GCP) and developing machine learning models in a cloud environment
Compensation packages at Scale for eligible roles include base salary, equity, and benefits. The range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target for new hire salaries for the position, determined by work location and additional factors, including job-related skills, experience, interview performance, and relevant education or training. Scale employees in eligible roles are also granted equity based compensation, subject to Board of Director approval. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for your preferred location during the hiring process, and confirm whether the hired role will be eligible for equity grant. You’ll also receive benefits including, but not limited to: Comprehensive health, dental and vision coverage, retirement benefits, a learning and development stipend, and generous PTO. Additionally, this role may be eligible for additional benefits such as a commuter stipend.

Please reference the job posting's subtitle for where this position will be located. For pay transparency purposes, the base salary range for this full-time position in the locations of San Francisco, New York, Seattle is:

$120,000 - $145,000 USD

PLEASE NOTE: Our policy requires a 90-day waiting period before reconsidering candidates for the same role. This allows us to ensure a fair and thorough evaluation of all applicants.

About Us:

At Scale, we believe that the transition from traditional software to AI is one of the most important shifts of our time. Our mission is to make that happen faster across every industry, and our team is transforming how organizations build and deploy AI.  Our products power the world's most advanced LLMs, generative models, and computer vision models. We are trusted by generative AI companies such as OpenAI, Meta, and Microsoft, government agencies like the U.S. Army and U.S. Air Force, and enterprises including GM and Accenture. We are expanding our team to accelerate the development of AI applications.

We believe that everyone should be able to bring their whole selves to work, which is why we are proud to be an inclusive and equal opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunity regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability status, gender identity or Veteran status. 

We are committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to applicants with physical and mental disabilities. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation in the application or recruiting process due to a disability, please contact us at accommodations@scale.com. Please see the United States Department of Labor's Know Your Rights poster for additional information.

We comply with the United States Department of Labor's Pay Transparency provision. 

PLEASE NOTE: We collect, retain and use personal data for our professional business purposes, including notifying you of job opportunities that may be of interest and sharing with our affiliates. We limit the personal data we collect to that which we believe is appropriate and necessary to manage applicants’ needs, provide our services, and comply with applicable laws. Any information we collect in connection with your application will be treated in accordance with our internal policies and programs designed to protect personal data. Please see our privacy policy for additional information.