Software Engineer, IS&T (Early Career)
Sunnyvale, California, United States
Software and Services


Posted: Feb 12, 2025
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number:200590936
Are you meticulously organized and highly observant? Join our Information Systems and Technology group and play a vital function on one of two Apple teams: Software and Services and Corporate Functions. From Apple ID to the Apple website to our data centers around the globe, our diverse collection of engineers, designers and creators manage the massive systems and services that so many people rely on every single day!

We also build the custom tools that empower other Apple employees to tackle problems on their own. Joining this group means you’ll provide technology that powers Apple. You could play a meaningful role in helping Apple connect with over a billion customer devices around the world. Or you could help over 130,000 employees stay connected with each other and our suppliers. Together, you and your team will help everyone at Apple do what they do best: explore every possibility.
Description
Within IS&T, there are a variety of engineering positions available across many different teams, ranging from special projects for new business initiatives to operations in a rapidly growing and dynamic setting. 

Early Career community also provides employees with the opportunity to build community among themselves by attending educational and social events. 

Examples of positions would include: Software Engineer (Backend), Full Stack Software Engineer, Software Quality Engineer, Site Reliability Engineer, and Software Development Engineer in Test.

Teams that are hiring include: Enterprise Technology Services, Global Business Intelligence, and Corporate Systems Engineering.
Minimum Qualifications
Proficient programming knowledge in at least one of the following areas: Server side development (Java or Python), Web development (JavaScript, HTML, CSS3) or iOS development (Objective-C, Swift) or knowledge in at least one scripting language.
Experience in Computer Science Fundamentals.
Prior internship experience.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Engineering or equivalent.
Preferred Qualifications
Knowledge of foundational services in AWS or GCP.
Related software engineering internship or job experience.
Excellent quantitative and interpersonal skills.
Leadership experience.
Pay & Benefits
At Apple, base pay is one part of our total compensation package and is determined within a range. This provides the opportunity to progress as you grow and develop within a role. The base pay range for this role is between $121,900 and $183,600, and your base pay will depend on your skills, qualifications, experience, and location.

Apple employees also have the opportunity to become an Apple shareholder through participation in Apple’s discretionary employee stock programs. Apple employees are eligible for discretionary restricted stock unit awards, and can purchase Apple stock at a discount if voluntarily participating in Apple’s Employee Stock Purchase Plan. You’ll also receive benefits including: Comprehensive medical and dental coverage, retirement benefits, a range of discounted products and free services, and for formal education related to advancing your career at Apple, reimbursement for certain educational expenses — including tuition. Additionally, this role might be eligible for discretionary bonuses or commission payments as well as relocation. Learn more about Apple Benefits.

Note: Apple benefit, compensation and employee stock programs are subject to eligibility requirements and other terms of the applicable plan or program.
Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We take affirmative action to ensure equal opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, Veteran status, or other legally protected characteristics. Learn more about your EEO rights as an applicant.